Python runtime doc update (#2126)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/reference/runtimes/python/python-reference.md

CMD [ "processor" ]
```

<a id="27-eol"></a>
## Python runtime 2.7 EOL

Official Python 2.7 is no longer maintained, and it has reached its Nuclio End of life due date.

> That means, starting from Nuclio >= 1.6.0 you would  not be able to deploy any Nuclio function using Python 2.7 runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from [Nuclio  1.6.0](link to release) you would  not be able to deploy any Nuclio function using Python 2.7 runtime.
```

> To reach better throughput and high performance, I suggest reading [Introducing Python runtime 3.7 and 3.8](#introducing-python-runtime-37-and-38), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep using latest Nuclio, and reach better performance and message throughputs, we strongly suggest migrating your code to the newer [Python 3.7 and 3.8 runtimes](#introducing-python-runtime-37-and-38), if you haven't already
```

and migrate your function to Python 3.8

<a id="introducing-37-and-38"></a>
## Introducing Python runtime 3.7 and 3.8

> Nuclio is now officially support python 3.7 and python 3.8 along with good-old python 3.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuclio officially supports python 3.7 and python 3.8 (along with good-old python 3.6) as stand-alone runtimes.
Along with simply bumping the python versions, some changes to the internal function processor were made, to take advantage of new language features and newer packages.
```

Key changes and differences:

- Python 3.7 and 3.8 base images are `python:3.7` and `python:3.8`, respectively.

> - Events metadata, such as headers, path, method, etc are now byte-string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Events metadata, such as headers, path, method, etc are now byte-strings. This may incur changes in your code to refer to the various (now) byte-string event properties correctly in the new runtimes.
```

>   e.g.: if your code used event metadata, such as `event.path` -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g.: Simple code snipped which worked on python 2.7 and 3.6, using some event metadata, such as `event.path` -
```

    ```python
    def handler(context, event):
      if event.path == "/do_something":
        something()
    ```

>   then now you should ensure the matching is against a byte-string, such as `b"/do_something"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the new 3.7 and 3.8 runtimes, the matching `event.path` property is now a `byte-string` instead of an old `string`,
  The new snippet will look like this:
  <insert full snippet>
```

>   > Note: To decode all incoming event strings, set function env `NUCLIO_PYTHON_DECODE_EVENT_STRINGS=true`. Do know that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Note: To decode all incoming event byte-strings automatically by the nuclio python wrapper, set the function environment variable:  `NUCLIO_PYTHON_DECODE_EVENT_STRINGS=true`. Please note that
```

>   > when enabling event strings decoding, you would not be able to handle events with non utf8 metadata contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > when enabling event strings decoding, the nuclio python wrapper might fail to handle events with non-utf8 metadata contents. Part of the motivation for the change was to gain robustness against such cases and transfer the encoding task to user-code.
```

> - Python 3.8 is 5%-8% faster than Python 3.6 for small sized event messages.

Reviewer: Move before the previous points about srtring->byte-string change
